I was hoping hopefully over the weekend I'll finish it it's just because I have to do all the marking and it's actually taken a lot of my time but I was hoping to share it with you but what I'll do I'll share you what I've done because what it does it so takes the water quality data as we discussed introduces all this uncertainty and then does the parameter estimation on the the bulk and the wall okay so that's good okay and last week we said not 20 is no no no no 20 has the the dark loss and okay loss for is low it's low but but I found that it's because more than he is near the tank yes so so so you set up here so in that particular case you know we set up to constant so this is the tanks yeah right so you set up the inlet concentration here in the lake in the river yeah okay yeah and put the tank has a rest in style yes but I haven't said said the tank okay but attack how you haven't set up the tank concentration okay so there is a decay so the tanks where in the tanks where in the tanks we have a certain decay which we take into account okay let me that's fine okay and because this is the assumption I have made in the so you yeah let's work on one milligrams per liter that's fine um let's do which time yeah okay that's fine okay um and last week we have that's uh zero or the yes yes um but but I still uh don't know why we have to do zero or the decay I just purely could erase this time so so what's the zero order decay we're just trying to use the hydraulics as a sort of get measure for the decay of the coin you understand so so once we do the first order decay so the first order decay we have all the bulk and the second and i want to get like an approximation like a simple way to do it by just using the second and the zero order decay and then we sort of like correlate the residence time with the decay which we observe into the system oh okay um so the uh the first order decay uh i have done it but but i think it's a little strange oh so what do you get here because uh we said the concentration uh is uh related to the water age correct yes yes but but i have draw uh also uh with uh uh water age but it it isn't the line but there are some that's okay because they come to a late stage where they basically uh you know the water age becomes constant so this is what gives you remember we talked about the number of uh simulations where you get a kind of a uh kind of continuous sorry in other words as we discussed there is this blood flow that travels so that look as far as you're giving that initial concentration constant that sort of a water age is not going to get worse you know that's the worst water age you get so that's why here it gets flat at that point it doesn't increase so the the system reaches an equilibrium in that space as far as the water quality is not the water quality is not the water quality is not the water quality okay and then the first order okay um firstly i have uh randomly uh select 20 percent of all pipes but but i found a little change yes but you see this is the interesting bit now so if we do if you go back to the uh water age and if you plot the nodes which have the largest water age okay then we can track some of that you can do kind of uh you can so let's assume that this is let's assume you have water age uh to get your pipe so it comes here and you find out that these are the nodes which has the the kind of the worst uh of the longest water age okay so you can then sort of trap the root and actually adopt these pipes or some of these pipes you change some of these characteristics do you understand oh yes yes i have so you don't just do random you don't say oh 10 percent randomly i'll do the yes so i i i found okay uh not 15 is uh it's uh far okay and it's far away the tanks yes so so i i select the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of the section of the okay so for that sort of for that nose we've got a much worse yes yes okay yes no 13 correct that's exactly so we can we can sort of get a few pipes and then we can do that section we can do then we can introduce some of the others one you can take probably the second and third words and you can introduce some changes in the in the pipe page yeah okay so just because if you're very short if you have source here pipe node here and irrespective of how much you change this pipe page you won't get very much you understand yes yes and i get uh oh yeah yeah okay um so i'm yeah and no it should be it should be so so normally uh so i have some noise and some characteristics but normally we would have something like 0.1 milligrams per liter so do you understand so because typically so this is the interesting thing typically water companies put a threshold to 0.2 milligrams per liter that's on free chlorine okay now what let's assume we're dealing with free chlorine at that point now they say we want to have 0.2 milligrams per liter at minimum concentrations so in other words we kind of somehow need to make sure that everywhere our concentration chlorine does not go below that or identify area where there is a high risk that the concentration goes below that okay when we measure the instrument the instrument has an accuracy of roughly 0.05 milligrams per liter i would say in reality what we're observing that the actual instrument has an accuracy plus minus 0.1 okay do you understand yes so so you can so this is what i'm saying so what we're trying to do is now to get the concentration and the modeling to basically not to be an absolute number of 0.2 but just given that uncertainty potentially we'll be looking at an absolute number of 0.3 milligrams per liter so it's not so we need to it's not slower than 0.2 so yeah so in generally they're trying to say in order to demonstrate you know that we have some chlorine residues we don't want to go below 0.2 milligrams per liter but this 3.2 milligrams per liter typically is done by taking the dpd samples i'll take you with me upstairs your colleague is doing exactly that she's doing dpd sampling okay okay so you can see what is happening the problem is that this is a colorimetric method done on site it has a kind of a some accuracy of 0.05 milligrams per liter okay in our case we use this electrochemical sensors which i would say that their uncertainty is about plus minus 0.1 milligrams per liter of the region okay i mean it changes with five values but in that specific lower concentrations i would say zero plus minus 0.2 milligrams per liter so you see that error is quite a significant percentage almost from what we're trying to achieve with the threshold okay so then we sort of say well actually we need to increase that value plus our uncertainty to be absolutely sure that we are actually not dropping below okay okay okay oh so uh yeah so i'll come back to you i'll show you what i've done in that case so i'll show you some of the the the so what is happening here so uh for the uh inverse uh i have only uh i have set the kb but only tries it track it out yeah so the kb you set up kb that's right so we set up so let's say typically can do we take it from yeah we set up the kb the only thing you that is the kw yes okay or alternatively for some modeling sometimes people use one k which includes the boat and the wall but let's say in that case we split it and say like let's look in the wall okay oh okay so i i tried uh kb uh there is a old uh old pipe and new new pipe so what is that what is that new versus uh because we have uh this is the this is the old or the new uh the red one is old and okay okay okay so old pipe new pipe i understand okay i was thinking cold configuration of the configuration okay okay okay so we tried different oh old kb and new kb and find the uh uh and find the lowest ffc is near the shoe i don't understand what you're doing here what is that shot so this is the correlation between the old and the new okay okay why are you why are you showing me that what does that plot demonstrate first of all uh because uh first we we have we have the uh the value of the concentration so we need to try different k uh uh because because we have to go uh from know the kw and and to find the concentration uh from the concentration from the concentration yes so so this this is we know the concentration and we we set like for example uh uh uh then we calculate the uh foreign concentration and compare with do you have the code how did you change right now um Thank you. Yeah, but where did you calculate here? So you just enumerated, where is the canyon? Where is the canyon coming from? You're just creating clean space blocks here for that. Just explain to me what exactly is that? What do you think that's the area? We have select different kW. Yeah, but it's just for the plot. The link space here just gives me the plot. But just the question is that what's very important. I think it's good to get some of that code. I mean, it's great with the cursor and such. We can generate all the stuff. But I think it's really important to understand what is actually doing. Yeah. Okay? So it's sort of like what we've done generally here. We had the network. Then we generate all that network. We assumed a certain inlet concentration. Yeah. We then change some of the types in terms of. And we came up with a sort of simulation of the concentrations of that. Okay? But this is for a given. So at that point you had your given. You had your water quality time series. Okay? So you have the water quality time series for discrete points, which we assume are our monitoring points. Okay? So that's what you've done so far. So we assume that some of these are our monitoring points. Then you came and introduced this noise. So I don't understand where, you know, you have to be more specific about the noise, the noise level, but introduce noise to the kind of, let's say, the monitored time series. They're simulated, but we call them monitored time series. Okay? So now we have to solve the inverse problem. The inverse problem is a parameter estimation problem. That's why I don't see that here. The inverse problem is basically given let's assume that these are the measurements we make into the system, you know, let's calculate, you know, let's calculate, kW. Okay? For these specific measurements. Because before we have kW, you know, in the first instance we have kW, we have pipelines, and we calculated concentrations. Yes. Okay? Yeah. We then took these concentrations, we added noise, and we want to now go back and calculate kW. This is our inverse problem. So we are simulating what happens in reality. we are going to have some measurements into the system, and these measurements will have noise, and from these measurements, we want to establish what makes kW into the system, into the network. Oh. So in reality, we have measurements, you know, measurements of water quality. This is the process we are trying to simulate, you know, simulate, to kind of reproduce in a simulation. So in reality, we have measurements. This is measurements taken by instruments. Yeah? So these measurements, they have plus some noise, plus uncertainty. Okay? Because there's all sorts of factors that affect these measurements. Okay? So then from these measurements, we want to now calculate the kW into that system. So we can use the concentration to calculate kW. Yeah, because we have the hydraulics, so we calculate as an inverse problem. So in other words, we try to establish the kW. In other words, if we have, if you think what we are doing, like we did, the kind of the friction factors, let's assume you have measurements here. You have something which is the, the, the, the kind of the, in reality what happens, you have some time series. Yeah? So this time series is, let's say, the chlorine. Okay? So the point of that is that if I do just a forward simulation, I assume some kW, and simulate the chlorine, probably the chlorine, the simulated, you look something like that. Okay? Okay. So what we're trying to now is to change the kW to a point where these two things are very close to each other. Yes, yes, I think, I think I do, do it like this. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yes? Okay. So, so, so, so, I, I have choose, uh, many, uh, old pipe kW and new pipe kW. Okay. Yeah. And then, and then, uh, and then, uh, sim, simulates. Yeah, so, the chlorine. So this is where you simulate, you use the function to simulate the chlorine. Yes. That's right. Yes. And then, uh, and do that in a loop. You do that. Yes. For this simulate so many times. Yes. Now, now, now. The simulation now has been observed. Is the residual if you're trying to minimize. Yes. Okay. So it's, uh, it's easy. Yes. So this is, this, you can do that. So you kind of, basically what you're doing here, you're running a multiple forward simulation. okay so this is this you can do that with that so you're kind of basically what you're doing here you're running a multiple forward and forward simulations with the objective with your kind of notion you're changing every time the parameters to be able to reduce that oh yes that sort of residual that which you have here yes this is the right approach but i'm just what i'm trying to do is to be able to write it down okay so that when writing down you can understand what exactly it's doing you can use uh you can use graphs you can use combination of graphs equation and text to explain what is actually doing in your thesis okay so so you this this method and this method that yeah you know this is the same thing it just what i what i'm saying here in reality you have measurements yes these measurements have noise and uncertainty yeah okay and what we're trying to do now is that you have your network so this is the reality you have your network you know that you're measuring here you're measuring chlorine here and what you're trying now to establish for the hydraulics of the network in other words flow and pressure in the network which is happening and given these measurements what are your what potentially are these k values okay which which guarantee that the residuals here that these residuals are minimized okay so the fact is that you want to have two time series so let's assume this one time series is let's call this is a measured and let's assume that this is simulated so measured and simulated so measured and simulated you want that error to be minimal yes okay okay so that's the idea can you try to write that so what you've done so can you write it down okay like a methodological description okay so this is what my objective is that's what i'm trying to do this is how you've done it these are the equations whatever this is the analytical process you can write it as a very simple kind of uh you know typically what what we're trying to do sometimes where we we're trying to when we try to describe something we have a description so this is description which has the program formulation this is what i'm trying to solve problem formulation okay you can use a some kind of a flow chart you know what a problem start here goes i do these analysis yes no and etc you can do a some kind of interpretation of flow chart you can do and you can also write it as a pseudo code i mean this is a particularly good piece of code but the most important is you can explain what it is and why you're doing it that's right okay explain the method and explain results okay okay good so and i'll send you the stuff what i've been playing around slightly different than this but uh let's see okay uh i have another question yes uh in my project uh uh should i consider kb or just combine kb i would i would just use the kw because kb we give it a value normally we always take kb as a as a way of uh going to a particular system and do these jar tests so kb is what we call jar tests what is the jar test you take a bit of water put it under control conditions and you measure the decay this is the natural decay of the water even if it stays in a pot so generally this is i would say like a constant or parameter which we can define but this is more difficult because it doesn't depend to the local conditions but what we're trying to establish is kw which depends on the local conditions okay so so my suggestion for next time is you know try to write what you've done go back to writing and try to write what you've done so far with a better better characterization of the marketing results where you can think of how to improve some of the visualization to better explain the methods okay and you're showing this one but you have to clearly explain what it is and why do you think that actually is the job okay do you want to kind of so what we can do is that if you want as a first instance even today think about the structure of what you're writing what you're going to do to use to write word or overly for later i really use word word okay so why don't you do the following so think about what you cannot go right and send me a structure this afternoon i'll have a look at the structure this afternoon if you want tomorrow that's okay it's not a problem do tomorrow just the structure this is calendar i'm not asking you to write it i'm just asking you to write just the structure so i'll treat it i'll explain that it's almost kind of a little a little kind of preliminary bullet points okay so you should be easily be able to manage this this afternoon so thinking carefully look at your calls and structure it and it's like so then i'll say yes and then you go and do it and then we'll meet next week to send me the before you send me the document but let's use this week to kind of because what i want to do so i wanted to kind of what i have in my mind so now is june okay so what i want now is between now and july for you to uh kind of improve on the methodology and write up as much as you can in terms of the methods okay so then in july i will try to get real dates i have a bit of problems i have to adjust a few things but on the 7th and 8th of july i'm on site so i'm getting a lot of data around this time so i'll probably hope from the 10th of july to something like 20th of july to give you a data set of 10 days okay of the real date and then we can apply all this methodology here to this data set of the real date okay is it good yes yes so so i sent me structure this afternoon yes and then you send me structure and then you start writing up okay so then you start this methodology everything because they said what think about i want to give a problem formulation what i'm trying to solve etc then use any forms of graphics whether it's a flow chart and etc to explain visually what your analytical method does okay then you can use you take your call you can explain the methods you know explain methods but you can also include a pseudocode okay so explain the method you turn the pseudocode into that you can cursor can easily go to the cloth and say turn that into a pseudocode and then verbally explain what the pseudocode is what's the actual code okay okay because one this aims several things one is preparing material for your report but actually helps you understand what you've done okay does that make sense good do you want to take your upstairs just to show you what your colleague is doing
