I have done the exercise you have sent me, and this is the original network and the time series. Yes. Okay. And the first is compare the bulk and wall decay. And I firstly simulate both KW and KB and turn off the wall decay and only have the bulk decay. Okay. So we can see the bulk drop and the bulk decay and wall decay of the pipe. And wall decay, but this is with relatively small numbers on the wall decay. Yes. Correct. Yes. Can I just go back to your kind of previous slide? So you've said this suggests that wall decay is not uniformly visible to all sensors. Yes. But it can be significant at virtually sensitive locations. What does that mean? Because it has the, because for example, the turn, not turn only have very small wall decay, but the other, other nodes we can, so the node wall decay is obvious. So what, let's just, just very briefly, what do you mean hydraulic decay? What do you mean hydraulic decay is sensitive? Let's go to the, I'll just, this is slide number four. Let's go to the rest and then we'll come back to it. And for the mass transfer, first to half the pipe diameter, first I have only test single pipe and we can see the, the K is, first we don't consider the diffusion scale. So the, the K is the double of the original one. But if we consider the diffusion cap, diffusion, and we found the K is smaller, but it's still, but you still can see it's already double of the original one. We will come back to that as well, thank you. Okay. And then I simulate for the whole, whole network, we have all the pipe diameter. So in, in this case we, I found the K is not, not all the half, but the response is, is not the same as the single, single pipe. So I think it's related to the hydraulics, but not only for the, the diameter. Yes, I mean, it's, as you, as you know, by now it's an advection process. So yes, all the geometry, hydraulics, mass transfer, residence times, they're all very, very closely related. Oh yes. And for time, very inlet, inlet, I have, I have set the inlet swinging, a swing. And then we found the, there are, there are difference of the node have changed. Okay. So the inlet can influence the output of the node. Yes, definitely. Okay. And for reassign the diameter quality in the original is a group by the length. And then I have changed by a group by the diameter. But, but the network's diameter is, they are mostly the same diameters. So, so I have only three groups, three groups, and then I can go back to that. Sorry, just if you don't mind. So, just, so you currently hear groups by diameter quantities. That's right. So that's what we did. Yeah. The diameter quantities you have, that's fine. Yes. And I found the, the, the rank of the node is changed. Okay. And, yeah. Okay. And for a merged five group into two to simulate the network, for the original we have only one group to simulate. And the KW is minus four, minus one point one to five. And for two group, the KW, KW new is minus one point five and the old is minus one point one two. Okay. And the SSE is, I think is only a little bit smaller. And for the, for this one, we use zero order to simulate. I found it can't completely simulate the data. And there is still a big difference between the, the, the number. Okay. And, and the, before we select five, five points based on the distance. But now we have, we changed into the info optimum. So we found for the, after simulates the STD is smaller and the interval is also smaller. So maybe we can, so I think in the real data, we should first to choose the info optimal node to simulate. And this, this is first we choose the difference, choose the farthest points. And this, this is the, this we have changed the, changed the choice of the node with pipeline shortest-path distance instead of the Euclidean. Okay. What does that mean? And why? It means the, the, this before we, we choose the, this, before we choose the straight, I think before you say straight. This is a straight line distance, but now we consider the pipeline distance. So why did you have to consider Euclidean in the first place? Because you know that there could be a huge difference. Because, because it's, firstly, I only want to the spatial. It can have all the, because I think it can have wide coverage of all the network. But, but I think now consider the network distance is, can have different time, time residence time. Generally, I mean, the problem with, so normally we could use Euclidean just as a, just as an initial exercise. But, but the idea being is here, we are very much depending cause you earlier pointing out on the network geometry, which means length of pipes and et cetera. And, and sometimes it just easier because if you have to implement the length of pipes, you, you need to have kind of a more accurate hydraulic model. You need to be able to do length of mains. So there's a bit more kind of involved in terms of the coding in terms of preserving the hydraulic connectivity. So sometimes we just take the Euclidean as a quick, quick initial kind of very rather vague estimate, which we can then iterate and et cetera. But I would, for your report, I wouldn't just use the, the Euclidean distance. I would generally use the shortest path. Oh, but, but in, in, in my report, should I first do it like this to find the optimal node or just use Euclidean nodes? I would just use the network distance, you know, in that particular case. I mean, you're going to, in yours, just as you highlighted in 12, you go to look at the, you rank your basically nodes based on the simulation you have. And that's what will inform your decision in that respect. Okay. And for the sigma, I have around three groups and we find the larger the sigma is and the, the interval is larger. And the STD is larger. And for, and for this one, we, we use the t-distribution likelihood. I choose two, the lower of two sigma, we, we use the t-distribution likelihood. And I found there are 71 points below the limit and the KW is using the t-distribution is a little bit lower than the KW. We only use SSE. Okay. And for the time step, we have simulate 60 seconds and 300 seconds. It's nearly the same. So I think it will not influence the readout. Very also bear in mind that these, you know, these dynamics, this is very funny. I think it will be interesting in that sweet spot that about 60 seconds, we, we don't have such a great dynamics that we capture within the 60 seconds. What will be interesting in that plot to also demonstrate the computational time. Do you understand? But also it'd be nice to have a comparison of the computational time for the different time steps because that's why you kind of almost draw a little relationship between accuracy. Let's assume the 60 seconds is the accurate or deviation of the, of the 300 seconds versus the 60 seconds versus computational time. Okay. You can do that for several nodes so you can actually show the general trend of what is actually happening. Okay. Okay. And for this, we have simulate both KW and KBS groups. And we found the K and for the simulate both KW and KB, the SSE is larger than only simulate KW. And the last one. Yeah. Which was with the other direction. Yeah. And then we junctions were, yeah, this kind of issues by the 48 hour record. Yes. Yes. So the simulate the longer time some, the residence of the nodes will change. So what's your interpretation of this? Actually, before I have simulate also the longer of the time and I found some nodes of the residence will, are still changed. So, so I think maybe. We should also this into the system. It's always good to visualize these things to understand always kind of put a map with us. So I think maybe we should simulate more more time when it simulates more time. Okay. Listen, what it's so good. It just because I think there is there is a bit of a gap. So you, you kind of implement some of these things, but I think your understanding probably still needs to improve. You know, gives you a bit of time to comprehend this. My suggestion is now you have plenty of material here. My suggestion is, can you actually write this material with all the simulations, all the analysis, all the methods into your paper, into your draft paper? Okay. Okay. Okay. And in the process, spend a bit of time, just better understanding some of the, some of the issues. And then we can sort of resolve these questions. Do you understand? So we can, we can discuss that. But the first goal, the first thing is write your first draft of the report you based on this on the whole approach. You understand starting from the beginning, the simulations, then the introduction of the time series, the uncertainties associated. Then we do the inverse problem with no, no uncertainty with uncertainty and et cetera. But ultimately what's very important into this once you go through all this analysis, what we want to spend a bit more time afterwards, you just look and get the interpretation of that. So what does that mean for us? When we talk, we want to do this kind of water quality model with a certain uncertainty bounds. If we can get the second model, I have the second model. I have a lot of data kind of clearing issues. And I don't want to throw this on you because then it gets quite complicated. But even if we don't do the second model, just here, we have a lot of material for your thesis. Do you understand? Yes. It's more than enough. It's just the question now is that you're kind of you writing up the whole details. But the most important thing is the critical interpretation of these results. OK. OK. But what does that mean? What does that mean if we take that? So how do we approach the scenarios when we have these uncertainties, when we have on each of these plus minus, I don't know, 0.2 milligrams per liter, in terms of the uncertainty of the readings and et cetera. What does it mean for our water quality models and the use of this? OK. So we clearly it's difficult for us. We need to put a lot of time and effort to clearly establish that, you know, clearly discipline the model to give us accurate results. But what is actually possible to give us confident indication of, let's say, areas where they're definitely we anticipate problems. And these are problematic areas. OK. OK. So let's try to let's for the next time, let's please try write this stuff. You know, now you have, I would say that, you know, I mean, you really have a lot of stuff here. I think it's now really working on the understanding and interpretation of this. OK. OK. So let's do this. I mean, there is a lot of questions. But again, so, for example, if you go through slides, you know, the actual methodology when you actually interpretation of the results and et cetera, even that every single step strongly suggest give a good thought what exactly means and write it up even if you're not confident. If you think that that's wrong, et cetera, just write it up so we can discuss it. OK. OK. Let's do that. Would you need a week to do that? Shall we do next week? Catch up. Yes. Yeah. When do you want to do it? Next Friday. Because you have, you need to, you need to finish, you need to write the report, of course. Do you understand? Because you need to write your report and I need probably a day or two to read the report. So what time do you need to actually write this initial draft? Next Friday. OK. So let's do next Friday. OK. Shall we do next Friday? So is that OK if we do, if you do it a bit earlier, probably around nine o'clock? Oh, OK. OK. OK. Thank you very much. OK. So I'll do Friday 17th at nine o'clock. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, just drop me a, drop me a Teams message or an email. OK. OK. OK. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
